Secretary Gu Zongjiang is doing well in the Xu enterprise
Mr. Gu has a saying that I don't know if it should be said or not.
Saying that what you said that night was indeed too much
Your Secretary Xiao's temper and skills
Probably won't come back.
You want to go back
go out
Yes
Zhang Yini
Is my wife tired?
Why don't I give you a hug?
Who is this man?
He's my husband.
We met at Xu's
He doesn't care who my child is
We are in love now
Goodbye Guo Yunting
Zhang Yini
Educate you
Don't let you leave me
Maybe the story is always better
Xu is the group Xu Jiao is about your age
You consider it
Mom
I have to make my own decisions about marriage
What are you talking about?
Do you still have me as a mother in your eyes?
I heard a while ago that you are still raising women in Zhenyuan
Who are you?
It's normal to have a lover
But marriage is to help the company
Mom
The company's profits are rising every year
I don't need women in business
The Qing Dynasty has been playing for 300 years
A soul sword like a marriage is broken
The sooner you cancel, the better.
You've got wings now.
I can't control you, can I?
Tingting, why are you free to stay at home today?
Come see grandma
By the way.
Tell grandma you're going to have a granddaughter-in-law soon
What does the granddaughter-in-law look like?
Show grandma
So handsome